hey guys look I think this is gonna be
like a two-minute video I've said in
many different videos normally in
response to specific controversies or
specific questions that I am Pro
censorship now I do not mean that in
North Korea I think it is a good thing
that the government of North Korea
constrains people's ability to criticize
the government if you actually read the
United States Constitution it is very
clear that the purpose of freedom of
speech is protected in the Constitution
is especially and particularly the
criticism of those in authority of those
in power and that's a tremendously
important form of freedom of speech it's
very important that students in a
university are able to criticize their
professors and the university rector and
the university's policies instead of its
era it is very important that people
have you like the ability to complain
against the structures of power and
authority that oppress them that shape
their lives that even try to help them
but that may help them in an inadequate
way it's very important that prisoners
in jail are able to complain that the
prison warden is corrupt it's very
important it's very important that if
you're in court you can complain that
your own lawyer is corrupt or that the
judge is corrupt these are relations of
authority where freedom of speech really
matters of course most obviously if you
live in a parliamentary system you can
complain about Parliament you can plan
about Congress that is protected freedom
speech I really just don't relate to the
the vocal minority of people in the
audience who are offended that the
comments section on my youtube channel
is censored and I've never lied to you
guys about this I my daughter is part
black
she's part African black in the strict
sense of having ancestry from North
Africa other channels that criticize me
to attention to this including vegan
cheetah he had a video questioning
whether or not I was even ethnically
related to my own daughter a lot of you
have seen pictures of my daughter and
you may be stunned to hear that guess
what
racist comments about my own daughter do
I see some kind of intrinsic value in
quote unquote freedom of speech in my
youtube channel hosting those comments
in the comment section no no in reality
here on YouTube you do have freedom of
speech to make your own YouTube video
denouncing me and making racist comments
about my daughter whether or not that
should be true in a perfect world it is
true and I mean they're unbelievably
negative and damning things said about
me on other YouTube channels here on
YouTube that doesn't mean I would host
or approve of those comments my own
comment section ethnically I am half
Jewish and I have criticized neo-nazis
on this YouTube channel so in case you
don't have a lot of experience that the
internet works that brought upon me a
type of attention where people who were
to some extent sympathizing with the
neo-nazis made anti-semitic comments
against may have also had videos talking
about anti-semitism what it's like being
being Jewish ethnically obvious I'm not
a member of the the Jewish faith in a
religious sense but from the perspective
maybe Semitic people I'm I count as a
Jew I've also talked about the
israel-palestine conflict I've talked
about you know dogs and cats being
castrated it's one of the most
controversial issues on this channel
I've talked about the fact that I
personally do not find Nina and Randa
attractive and any one of these
controversies whether profound or
shallow brings in a huge number of hate
comments in response to this just
yesterday I also posted a screenshot of
someone claiming that I'm abusive
towards my own girlfriend my current
girlfriend Melissa who believe me as
does not need you to rescue her if she
did the way to help my girlfriend would
not be you know hate comments if my
youtube comment section it's just it's
ridiculous this is phony virtue on so
many levels
so guys you know in this sense I am Pro
censorship and the service I'm providing
in censor in the comment session is
precisely to provide a forum where you
guys can have meaningful discussion on
these topics and where yeah comments
that I consider stupid or disruptive
order railing are deleted now the
alternative for me is to disable the
comment section entirely I now have over
1,000 videos over 1200 videos I have a
lot of experience with running a small
YouTube channel a YouTube channel that's
successful within a tiny tiny category
you know small-scale success you know if
you think I'm tempted to host
anti-semitic hateful and you know
personal attack comments this kind or if
you think I'm even attempt to attempted
to host
comments I consider stupid I'm not this
channel is not now catering to the
stupidest 40% of the audience and it
never will this channel and my approach
to creating content whether about news
politics history or any other topic it's
always going to try to cater to the most
intelligent 10% it's gonna tolerate
about 50% of people below that and
there's going to be some level of
contempt and austerity towards the
stupidest 40% at the bottom of the
spectrum so guys if you feel
marginalized because of the way the
comments section here is is censored I
really can't apologize on the contrary I
hope you can be positively motivated to
write comments and to produce your own
content whether that's on YouTube on a
blog in written form whatever a format
that aspires to a higher standard than
what's become common as muckraking here
on the Internet